how do you duplicate a duplicate yeah
can you do just control-v have a C ctrl
C oh my god s oh my god is it the lag is
real oh my god kill em kill em quick
kill it all kill them all
no no Alex I'm getting one frame per
second how do you get them are you I'm
sorry I
piece of one are you good you can what
has to be a button for that nothing
right now the most beautiful wait maybe
if I can make my way but now says to
thank you I think I know I think I know
yeah if you personal even copy and I'm
going for right it's hard with the leg I
don't think my mouse is gonna make it oh
good
oh please did it oh my God look at it
fall to the ground it looks amazing yeah
Oh Oh do
welcome to Dylan oh dear my name is
Howie Mandel this is an ally sounds like
I don't really care hello ladies hide we
have a contestant gig his name is Ryan
but locals and Brian are you ready to
win a million dollars I am a brilliant
windows for my sick dog with with no
legs he's just a she's a slug oh and how
old's your dog uh he doesn't exist i
sounds like a good cause well first off
don't you think he said you have to pick
a case and that's the one that you you
deal or no deal on you know what I'm
saying so which case do you think has
the million dollars in it right
is that how you actually play a hunt no
the pickup the round card you're wrong
no no no you pick one from the girl
you're wrong Howie and put this one
aside 1717 all right so 17 we're gonna
put these up top and they will be there
for the end I don't like this don't
worry you're gonna have a fun time all
right will you pick at least uh I think
it's like five suitcases or some joke
come on how you need to know your shit
by open five cases all right intense
music um okay no no no no no okay um
don't have all day
have it have many shows to run oh yeah
I'm nervous
oh my job Howie I'm really nervous
let's been eliminated about the flying
down all right - $500 not too bad not
too bad we're still in good shape Oh
card pretty little card next up oh damn
it I could have paid for many sick dogs
ah boy hey what's this yeah and finally
five
so the bank Ryan yeah for you $500 you
know hey well Ryan rejects it no you
have to say it you have to say it I
reject your offer banker I have to say
No Deal
No Deal or No Deal
fine whatever open five this time okay
okay five actually just open six yeah we
just have its eggs how you suck
no don't how to do my job of it run of
this show forever doing this for my wife
my 300 kids my mother and my father son
of a bitch sure five thousand oh that's
not too bad it's not too bad the
millions still in play the million is
still in all the hundred thousand that's
all that's okay that's okay it's okay
sweet five nice one to lose and up and
up and up bad he's looking good here we
go 75 the lien is still in play right
how are you feeling at the moment you
know what how I'm gonna be honest I'm
feeling pretty good right now I'm
feeling pretty lucky um before I came
out I put my lucky panties on and half
worn them every day for a year and I
haven't washed them and they always
provide me with a lot of luck I haven't
had any bad days while wearing them
that's awesome to hear contestant thank
you
I think your name's Ryan that's Ryan how
is nice that you remember me extra pound
what is that get that er I said I have
to open for okay all right I'll wait the
bank offer I forgot the bank offer oh no
I hate it no no fucking deal you can't
say fuck on television you just say okay
here we go give us shit I'm having the
Dell bit yeah true and just due to the
card what is that
what now it's five dollars what is that
what is that
I don't know it's not the answer what it
is for okay okay come on come on lucky
pants pants are lucky oh my god oh my
god he's the last one oh my god please
over a million fifty thousand so Kay our
dreams well you the million is still in
play and with that being said the bank
really doesn't want you to win that
million dollars so here's their offer
okay okay all right so I you know I have
to think of I'll fuck that ten thousand
ten though okay okay
all right I'm gonna twenty thousand whoa
whoa I'm really gonna think about this
on Halle Halle Mendel Oh mmm bill I'm
really gonna think about this offer
No Deal all right here we go oh my god
oh please please oh ten for ten
oh my god Coco yes Don Ho Power Rangers
Oh
oh that's okay that's okay we're still
games don't get Schaefer is still in
play all right it's getting kind of
worried till the banks you offer you
$30,000 to watch every no no no no Wi-Fi
no deal never deal never deal I don't
know how to move the whole pile now yeah
all right we're gonna be right back
after the 17th commercial break and now
a bed from our sponsors all right I have
a game Ryan you're gonna love though
yeah most fun game oh my god harvest
Valley right this is the game okay what
do we do what do we do explain the game
to me I'm curious so you take the Hidden
Valley brunch okay and you play later
then oh my god that's an amazing game
it even sounds like pure gold because it
is punch rime Stas is gold you know what
I'm going to give the Hidden Valley
runch I'm going to give it why would you
throw it I got it I got it I got it I
got it I'm sorry I'm sorry
like um I'm gonna give him an army I
don't think there's enough brunch
there's not enough ride there's not
enough rice there's not enough french
alex is too much runs alex is out of the
French can never have too much runs alex
is never too much
oh I lost my cursor my cursor no more on
dou Y so what but I'm not done yet
oh my god so much Rudge now oh my god
it's raining so much runs right now this
is so much like oh my god looks so
amazing like look at the background
oh my god we're the middle oh right
tornado what you're still in the run
yeah it's all following now though it is
God hey what hasn't loaded the new game
for you yet no I still see Runge Alex
all I see is Raj what are you talking
about this guess who wait what do you
mean it's getsu all I see is harvest
Valley runs falling for eternity and
it's like snowing it's snowing harvest
value rich and now it's loading in more
ryangen are you doing I would guess who
I'm not I don't see this I see brunch
Alex I need help I'm stuck in runch
purgatory Bella come back to this shawl
and we're back okay all right all right
I'm ready changing all cases
Ryan this is where it's getting down to
the wire mm-hmm there are currently
eight chess in play for our low four or
higher the billion is still in play Ryan
I hear it I think I'm ready I think I'm
ready Howie 4k 16
okay that's okay
the banks kind of happy about that so
they offer you 30 you stupid bitches no
deal an idea okay so now you have to
open one okay just come on III a three
fine we'll do one hundred feeling good
one more case come on rapid fire we're
doing this okay go go go
good yes
great oh my god oh my gosh Farhana
millions out but you still got a chance
here eight
it's okay that's okay that's okay still
doing good I get rid of 100 need the air
102 or 24 two or three for number two
give me the hundred give it 100 please
I'll be five minutes out against okay
that's okay okay right oh my god my case
can have five hundred thousand four
hundred alright it comes down to this
like your kid your kids I need to get
this is Orion later the chest you have
chosen Alex Alex alters or it's five
hundred thousand half of a million Ryan
yeah yeah I do me Oh bank's gonna offer
you 50,000 cut I'm not gonna take that
offer cuz you know what this is my kids
buddy hit their kids buddy hit their
kids buddy
if you win a hundred I mean that's like
pathetic
well the dealer no deal let's say that
manly steel Ron will you take the
$50,000 or will you risk it for half a
million gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna do
this for my kid Tracy and my other kid
Lacey
all right here we go let's do it ready
Ryan
this card will be the amount you do not
wins or whatever this is
it's a 17 are you sure you want to do
this I'm completely sure how II just
fuck your dollars which is like 50 with
axes yeah I'm sorry Tracy and Blasi you
buy your kid a lunchbox I hate you happy
I love you too bad America why so what
truck